clarifying drop events transformation will reduce usage and cost (#12702)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/cdp/transformations/drop-events.md

The drop events transformation permanently removes events from your data pipeline, preventing them from being stored or processed by PostHog.

> <CalloutBox icon="IconPiggyBank" title="Impact On Usage & Billing" type="info">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<CalloutBox icon="IconPiggyBank" title="Impact on usage & billing" type="info">
```

> <CalloutBox icon="IconPiggyBank" title="Impact On Usage & Billing" type="info">

Author: this should be fixed!

> Events that are dropped using a transformation do not count towards your Product Analytics event usage/billing. 
> While we encourage you to instrument custom events and configure autocapture using our SDKs to capture only the events you need long term, a **Drop Events** transformation can serve as a temporary solution to reduce usage immediately (vs. waiting for your next deployment cycle to modify custom events or configuration). 
> It can also be useful when you want more granular control over _bundled_ autocapture events such as excluding a [specific App Lifecycle Events](https://posthog.com/docs/product-analytics/autocapture#react-native-navigation-and-lifecycle-autocapture) and only capturing the ones you need.

Reviewer: It's not necessarily just product analytics, could be any other product that relies on events
```suggestion
Events that are dropped using a transformation **do not count towards your usage/billing**. 

While we encourage you to [instrument custom events](/docs/getting-started/send-events#2-capture-custom-events) and [configure autocapture](/docs/product-analytics/autocapture) to only capture the events you need long term, a **Drop Events** transformation can serve as a temporary solution to reduce usage immediately (vs. waiting for your next deployment cycle to modify custom events or configuration). 

It can also be useful when you want more granular control over _bundled_ autocapture events such as excluding a [specific app lifecycle events](/docs/product-analytics/autocapture#react-native-navigation-and-lifecycle-autocapture) and only capturing the ones you need.
```
